Accept :memory: mode for credentials parameter in duckdb factory (#1297)
dlt-hub/dlt: docs/website/docs/dlt-ecosystem/destinations/duckdb.md

)
```

The destination accepts a `duckdb` connection instance via `credentials`, so you can also open a database connection yourself and pass it to `dlt` to use.

```py
import duckdb
db = duckdb.connect()
p = dlt.pipeline(
  pipeline_name="chess",
  destination=dlt.destinations.duckdb(db),
  dataset_name="chess_data",
  full_refresh=False,
)

# Or if you would like to use in-memory duckdb instance

> db = duckdb.connect(":memory:")

Reviewer: imho
    p = dlt.pipeline(
        pipeline_name=uniq_id(), destination="duckdb", credentials=duckdb.connect(":memory:")
    )
looks a bit nicer

Author: Updated docs snippet to use `Destination.from_reference(...)` and added an additional check for it in the tests.

)
```

The destination accepts a `duckdb` connection instance via `credentials`, so you can also open a database connection yourself and pass it to `dlt` to use.

```py
import duckdb

db = duckdb.connect()
p = dlt.pipeline(
  pipeline_name="chess",
  destination=dlt.destinations.duckdb(db),
  dataset_name="chess_data",
  full_refresh=False,
)

# Or if you would like to use in-memory duckdb instance

> from dlt.common.destination.reference import Destination

Reviewer 2: why to import `Destination`? not used!

p = pipeline_one = dlt.pipeline(
  pipeline_name="in_memory_pipeline",

>   destination=dlt.destinations.duckdb(duckdb.connect(":memory:")),

Reviewer 2: this is correct but misleading! create instance, then pass it to pipeline and in the next line use it ie. do show all tables. now database is gone after load

  dataset_name="chess_data",
)
```

This destination accepts database connection strings in the format used by [duckdb-engine](https://github.com/Mause/duckdb_engine#configuration).

Dlt supports unique connection strings that trigger specific behaviors for duckdb destination:

* **:pipeline:** creates the database in the working directory of the pipeline with the name `quack.duckdb`.

> * **:memory:** creates an in-memory database (this may be useful for testing).

Reviewer 2: why this is still mentioned?

Author: Done, I forgot to remove this.

p = pipeline_one = dlt.pipeline(
  pipeline_name="in_memory_pipeline",
  destination=dlt.destinations.duckdb(db),
  dataset_name="chess_data",
)

print(db.sql("DESCRIBE;"))

# ┌──────────┬───────────────┬─────────────────────┬──────────────────────┬───────────────────────┬───────────┐
# │ database │    schema     │        name         │     column_names     │     column_types      │ temporary │
# │ varchar  │    varchar    │       varchar       │      varchar[]       │       varchar[]       │  boolean  │
# ├──────────┼───────────────┼─────────────────────┼──────────────────────┼───────────────────────┼───────────┤
# │ memory   │ chess_data    │ _dlt_loads          │ [load_id, schema_n…  │ [VARCHAR, VARCHAR, …  │ false     │
# │ memory   │ chess_data    │ _dlt_pipeline_state │ [version, engine_v…  │ [BIGINT, BIGINT, VA…  │ false     │
# │ memory   │ chess_data    │ _dlt_version        │ [version, engine_v…  │ [BIGINT, BIGINT, TI…  │ false     │
# │ memory   │ chess_data    │ my_table            │ [a, _dlt_load_id, …  │ [BIGINT, VARCHAR, V…  │ false     │
# └──────────┴───────────────┴─────────────────────┴──────────────────────┴───────────────────────┴───────────┘
```

> Once your python script exits the in-memory instance of database will be destroyed.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
:::note
Be careful! The in-memory instance of the database will be destroyed, once your Python script is finished.
:::
```

This destination accepts database connection strings in the format used by [duckdb-engine](https://github.com/Mause/duckdb_engine#configuration).

> Dlt supports a unique connection string that trigger specific behavior for duckdb destination:

Reviewer 3: It seems, that this should be in different order :)

first,

```
You can configure a DuckDB destination with [secret / config values](../../general-usage/credentials) (e.g., using a `secrets.toml` file)

```toml
destination.duckdb.credentials="duckdb:///_storage/test_quack.duckdb"

The **duckdb://** URL above creates a **relative** path to `_storage/test_quack.duckdb`. To define an **absolute** path, you need to specify four slashes, i.e., `duckdb:////_storage/test_quack.duckdb`.
```

then

```
Dlt also supports a unique connection string that trigger specific behavior for duckdb destination:

* **:pipeline:** creates the database in the working directory of the pipeline with the name `quack.duckdb`.
```

> * **:pipeline:** creates the database in the working directory of the pipeline with the name `quack.duckdb`.

Reviewer 3: Could you provide a bit more info here? Why users may need this and what is the working directory of the pipeline? pwd?

Also, the example would be great. Something like this?

```toml
destination.duckdb.credentials=":pipeline:"
```

Author: Done.

  full_refresh=False,
)

# Or if you would like to use in-memory duckdb instance
db = duckdb.connect(":memory:")
p = pipeline_one = dlt.pipeline(
  pipeline_name="in_memory_pipeline",
  destination=dlt.destinations.duckdb(db),
  dataset_name="chess_data",
)

print(db.sql("DESCRIBE;"))

# Example output
# ┌──────────┬───────────────┬─────────────────────┬──────────────────────┬───────────────────────┬───────────┐
# │ database │    schema     │        name         │     column_names     │     column_types      │ temporary │
# │ varchar  │    varchar    │       varchar       │      varchar[]       │       varchar[]       │  boolean  │
# ├──────────┼───────────────┼─────────────────────┼──────────────────────┼───────────────────────┼───────────┤
# │ memory   │ chess_data    │ _dlt_loads          │ [load_id, schema_n…  │ [VARCHAR, VARCHAR, …  │ false     │
# │ memory   │ chess_data    │ _dlt_pipeline_state │ [version, engine_v…  │ [BIGINT, BIGINT, VA…  │ false     │
# │ memory   │ chess_data    │ _dlt_version        │ [version, engine_v…  │ [BIGINT, BIGINT, TI…  │ false     │
# │ memory   │ chess_data    │ my_table            │ [a, _dlt_load_id, …  │ [BIGINT, VARCHAR, V…  │ false     │

> # └──────────┴───────────────┴─────────────────────┴──────────────────────┴───────────────────────┴───────────┘

Author: This looks like 
<img width="973" alt="image" src="https://github.com/dlt-hub/dlt/assets/354868/316a537e-4e27-4071-b460-43cf54227fb5">

This destination accepts database connection strings in the format used by [duckdb-engine](https://github.com/Mause/duckdb_engine#configuration).

Dlt supports unique connection strings that trigger specific behaviors for duckdb destination:

* **:pipeline:** creates the database in the working directory of the pipeline with the name `quack.duckdb`.
* **:memory:** creates an in-memory database. This may be useful for testing.

Below you can see usage examples these special cases

```py
# in-memory duckdb instance :memory:
pipeline_one = dlt.pipeline(
  pipeline_name="in_memory_pipeline",

>   destination=dlt.destinations.duckdb(":memory:"),

Author: ah, this is bad copy-paste, will fix it
